OpenShift registry (#59)
Percona-Lab/percona-xtradb-cluster-operator: install/custom-registry.md

Use docker images from a custom registry
===================================================

> Storing images in a private docker registry may be useful in different situations: it may be related to a customized images built for specific needs of a company, privacy and security reasons, etc. In such cases Percona XtraDB Cluster Operator allows to use custom registry, and the following instruction illustrates how this can be done by example of the Operator deployed in the OpenShift environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using images from a private Docker registry may be useful in different situations: it may be related to storing images inside of a company, for privacy and security reasons, etc. In such cases, Percona XtraDB Cluster Operator allows to use a custom registry, and the following instruction illustrates how this can be done by the example of the Operator deployed in the OpenShift environment.
```

    ```

5. The following way is used to push an image to the custom registry (into the OpenShift pxc project):

    ```bash
    $ docker tag \
        docker.io/perconalab/percona-xtradb-cluster-operator@sha256:8895ff4647602dcbcabbf6ea5d1be1611e9d7a9769c3bb3415c3a73aba2adda0 \
        172.30.162.173:5000/pxc/percona-xtradb-cluster-operator:0.2.0
    $ docker push 172.30.162.173:5000/pxc/percona-xtradb-cluster-operator:0.2.0
    ```

6. Check the image in the OpenShift registry with the following command:

    ```bash
    $ oc get is
    NAME                              DOCKER REPO                                                            TAGS      UPDATED
    percona-xtradb-cluster-operator   docker-registry.default.svc:5000/pxc/percona-xtradb-cluster-operator   0.2.0     2 hours ago
    ```

7. When the custom registry image is Ok, put a Docker Repo + Tag string (it should look like `docker-registry.default.svc:5000/pxc/percona-xtradb-cluster-operator:0.2.0`) into the `image:` option in `deploy/operator.yaml` configuration file. 

   Please note it is possible to specify `imagePullSecrets` option for all images, if the registry requires authentication.

> 8. Repeat steps 3-5 for other images, and update corresponding options in the `deploy/cr.yaml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Repeat steps 3-5 for other images, and update corresponding options in the `deploy/cr.yaml` file.

9. Now follow the standard [Percona XtraDB Cluster Operator installation instruction](./openshift).
```
